fast forward doc to web3mail v0.6.0 (#29)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: documentation/tools/web3mail/advanced-configuration.md

# Advanced configuration

The `IExecWeb3mail` constructor accepts configuration options object.

> As these options are very specific you wont need use them for a standard usage of `@iexec/web3mail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As these options are very specific, you won't need to use them for a standard usage of `@iexec/web3mail`.
```

```js
new IExecWeb3mail(ethProvider, options);
```

## Options

### dappAddressOrENS

The Ethereum contract address or ENS (Ethereum Name Service) for the web3mail dapp.

> If not provided, the default ENS `web3mail.apps.iexec.eth` pointing to the latest version of the web3mail provided by iExec will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not provided, the default ENS `web3mail.apps.iexec.eth` pointing to the latest version of the web3mail dapp provided by iExec will be used.
```

```js
new IExecWeb3mail(ethProvider, {
  dappAddressOrENS: "web3mail.apps.iexec.eth",
});
```

### dappWhitelistAddress

> The Ethereum contract address for the web3mail dapps whitelist contract. By granting access to a whitelist, email address owner ensure their email is still available for consumers when a new version of web3mail dapp is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ethereum contract address for the web3mail dapps whitelist contract. By granting access to a whitelist, email address owners ensure their email is still available to consumers even after a new version of web3mail dapp gets released.
```
